README.md, before:

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file and re-knit-->
<a rel="Delivery" href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"><img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." style="border-width:0" src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." /></a>

Environmental Reporting BC - Repository List
============================================

Index of GitHub repositories administered by [Environmental Reporting BC](http://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content?id=FF80E0B985F245CEA62808414D78C41B)

Environmental Reporting BC provides access to scientific data and information about our environment and how it relates to British Columbians. This information comes in the form of indicators that examine the state and trends of different aspects of our environment.

Indicators
----------

#### [ghg-emissions-indicator](https://github.com/bcgov/ghg-emissions-indicator)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to populate an indicator on [trends in B.C.'s greenhosue gas (GHG) emissions](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/sustainability/ghg-emissions).
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

#### [bc-population-indicator](https://github.com/bcgov/bc-population-indicator)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to populate an indicator on [trends in British Columbia's population size and distribution](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/sustainability/bc-population).
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

#### [protected-lands-and-waters-analysis](https://github.com/bcgov/protected-lands-and-waters-analysis)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts for summarising [trends and current amounts of protected lands and waters in British Columbia](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/land/protected-lands-and-waters).
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [pm25-caaqs-analysis](https://github.com/bcgov/pm25-caaqs-analysis)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to reproduce the 2015 analysis of [status of fine particulate matter in B.C.](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/air/fine-pm.html)
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

#### [ozone-caaqs-analysis](https://github.com/bcgov/ozone-caaqs-analysis)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to reproduce the 2015 analysis of [status of ground-level ozone in B.C.](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/air/ozone.html)
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

#### [groundwater-levels](https://github.com/bcgov/groundwater-levels)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to reproduce the 2013 analysis of [long-term trends in groundwater levels in B.C.](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/water/groundwater-levels.html)
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

[R](http://www.r-project.org) Packages
--------------------------------------

#### [rems](https://github.com/bcgov/rems)

-   An [R](www.r-project.org) package to download, import, and filter data from British Columbia's [Environmental Monitoring System (EMS)](http://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content?id=47D094EF8CF94B5A85F62F03D4956C0C) into R.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [wqbc](https://github.com/bcgov/wqbc)

-   An [R](www.r-project.org) package for water quality thresholds and [CCME](http://www.ccme.ca/en/resources/canadian_environmental_quality_guidelines/index.html) water quality index calculation for British Columbia.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [rcaaqs](https://github.com/bcgov/rcaaqs)

-   An [R](www.r-project.org) package to facilitate the calculation of air quality metrics according to the Canadian Ambient Air Quality Standards ([CAAQS](http://www.ccme.ca/en/current_priorities/air/caaqs.html)).
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [bcmaps](https://github.com/bcgov/bcmaps)

-   An [R](http://www.r-project.org) package of some common map layers for British Columbia.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [envreportutils](https://github.com/bcgov/envreportutils)

-   An [R](http://www.r-project.org) package of various utilities and functions for common plotting tasks.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [bcgroundwater](https://github.com/bcgov/bcgroundwater)

-   An [R](http://www.r-project.org) package to facilitate analysis and visualization of British Columbia groundwater data.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

License
-------

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons Licence" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/80x15.png" /></a><br /><a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Add Internal Tools section - process-air-data

README.md, after:

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file and re-knit-->
<a rel="Delivery" href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"><img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." style="border-width:0" src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." /></a>

Environmental Reporting BC - Repository List
============================================

Index of GitHub repositories administered by [Environmental Reporting BC](http://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content?id=FF80E0B985F245CEA62808414D78C41B)

Environmental Reporting BC provides access to scientific data and information about our environment and how it relates to British Columbians. This information comes in the form of indicators that examine the state and trends of different aspects of our environment.

Indicators
----------

#### [ghg-emissions-indicator](https://github.com/bcgov/ghg-emissions-indicator)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to populate an indicator on [trends in B.C.'s greenhosue gas (GHG) emissions](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/sustainability/ghg-emissions).
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

#### [bc-population-indicator](https://github.com/bcgov/bc-population-indicator)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to populate an indicator on [trends in British Columbia's population size and distribution](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/sustainability/bc-population).
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

#### [protected-lands-and-waters-analysis](https://github.com/bcgov/protected-lands-and-waters-analysis)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts for summarising [trends and current amounts of protected lands and waters in British Columbia](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/land/protected-lands-and-waters).
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [pm25-caaqs-analysis](https://github.com/bcgov/pm25-caaqs-analysis)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to reproduce the 2015 analysis of [status of fine particulate matter in B.C.](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/air/fine-pm.html)
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

#### [ozone-caaqs-analysis](https://github.com/bcgov/ozone-caaqs-analysis)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to reproduce the 2015 analysis of [status of ground-level ozone in B.C.](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/air/ozone.html)
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

#### [groundwater-levels](https://github.com/bcgov/groundwater-levels)

-   A set of [R](http://www.r-project.org) scripts to reproduce the 2013 analysis of [long-term trends in groundwater levels in B.C.](http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/soe/indicators/water/groundwater-levels.html)
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

[R](http://www.r-project.org) Packages
--------------------------------------

#### [rems](https://github.com/bcgov/rems)

-   An [R](www.r-project.org) package to download, import, and filter data from British Columbia's [Environmental Monitoring System (EMS)](http://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content?id=47D094EF8CF94B5A85F62F03D4956C0C) into R.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [wqbc](https://github.com/bcgov/wqbc)

-   An [R](www.r-project.org) package for water quality thresholds and [CCME](http://www.ccme.ca/en/resources/canadian_environmental_quality_guidelines/index.html) water quality index calculation for British Columbia.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [rcaaqs](https://github.com/bcgov/rcaaqs)

-   An [R](www.r-project.org) package to facilitate the calculation of air quality metrics according to the Canadian Ambient Air Quality Standards ([CAAQS](http://www.ccme.ca/en/current_priorities/air/caaqs.html)).
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [bcmaps](https://github.com/bcgov/bcmaps)

-   An [R](http://www.r-project.org) package of some common map layers for British Columbia.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [envreportutils](https://github.com/bcgov/envreportutils)

-   An [R](http://www.r-project.org) package of various utilities and functions for common plotting tasks.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

#### [bcgroundwater](https://github.com/bcgov/bcgroundwater)

-   An [R](http://www.r-project.org) package to facilitate analysis and visualization of British Columbia groundwater data.
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/2058739d64533475b124c5ce3d19a3865562fd29/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f332e737667" title="In production, but maybe in Alpha or Beta. Intended to persist and be supported." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/3.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/></a>

Internal Tools
--------------

#### [process-air-data](https://github.com/bcgov/process-air-data)

-   Process hourly air quality data exported from Envista to format for DataBC record
-   <a href="https://github.com/BCDevExchange/docs/blob/master/discussion/projectstates.md"> <img alt="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac1d59ca4e1646f4f3d90f79889db7abd3436517/687474703a2f2f626364657665786368616e67652e6f72672f62616467652f322e737667" title="Being designed and built, but in the lab. May change, disappear, or be buggy." data-canonical-src="http://bcdevexchange.org/badge/2.svg" style="max-width:100%;"/> </a>

License
-------

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons Licence" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/80x15.png" /></a><br /><a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.
